Improve catalog listing UX (#671)
projectsyn/commodore: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/reference/commands.adoc

This command doesn't check whether any local modifications exist and doesn't
check with the user whether they really want to remove the items listed above.

== Catalog List

  commodore catalog list

> This command lists the available catalog clusters.
> If not defined otherwise through the `out` flag, the command will return the list of clusters in a human-readable table.
> 
> The command can also filter the output per tenant or sort the list by ID, tenant, or display name, using the `tenant` or `sort-by` flags.

Reviewer: Copied from the suggestions in `cli/catalog.py`

```suggestion
This command lists all cluster catalogs registered in the provided Lieutenant API.

By default, the command will return the list of clusters in a human-readable table.
Other output formats are available through parameter `--out`.

Additionally, the command allows listing only the catalogs for a specific tenant and to sort the output by cluster ID, tenant, or display name with the `--tenant` and `--sort-by` flags.
```
